=LTSP Killer.py=

This is a small python script that I wrote for teaching in LTSP classroms. It prevents users to access specified programs.

'''Example 1''': If I'm teaching something that not requires access to the net I can start this script to avoid pupils to use web related programs for the time of the lesson. 

'''Example 2''': I'm teaching... so no video games are allowed. I tell killer.py to kill all the gnome games.. At the end of the lesson pupils can play.

The basic functioning is simple: every 20 seconds the script checks if any of the target processes is running and brutally kills it.

==Usage==

* Open a terminal and go to the killer.py folder
* ./killer.py ''arguments''

Arguments accepted are:

* any software executable name (check with top or pgrep for process exact name) '''e.g.''' ''./killer.py firefox-bin gedit'' will block Firefox and Gedit
* a predefined group of programs '''e.g.''' ''./killer.py games'' will block all the softwares in the ''games'' group (gcompris, gnomines, same-gnome, ktuberling, gnibbless and some more)

===Single user blocking===

Killer.py can be used to prevent only a certain user to prevent to access the software or group, I added this because of a pupil that wanted to do some programming in the wrong moment. 

* ./killer.py software,user '''e.g.''' ''./killer.py gedit,philip''

==Customizing groups==

Groups are defined in the first lines of the killer.py file, just add them properly with any text editor.


==Localization==
All the few messages are in Italian language.


==License==
This software is licensed under the '''GNU/GPL'' license, see [http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html here] for details.
